"Whose Line"!
Who will play?
Please, Gustavo and Anderson
will play "Whose Line".
How does it work?
You wrote some sentences before the show.
I'll ask the players to pick up
two sentences each...
And to put them in their pockets.
And then what?
They will improvise a scene, and at
some point they will use the sentences,
and it has make sense in the scene.
Okay?
This is "Whose Line"
I'll ask you for a theme...
Actually, no. I'll get it from
the sentences you wrote.
Which is...
'Die, goddammit'.
'Muere diablo'!
Okay?
So it's "Whose Line", the theme is
'die, goddammit', starting now.
Welcome!
Welcome, you may sit down...
Grab my hand...
Who would you like to call?
My... My uncle.
He... He died in an accident...
What's your name?
- My name is Carlos...
- Welcome, Carlos.
But when... If he comes,
you have to tell him to...
Don't scratch my fingers.
- Sure... - That's because he was violent
and he kept scratching my fingers...
Violent? It's dangerous
to summon a violent person.
- But I need him to answer me something.
- Let's try. Tell me what.
Tell...
What?
- Uncle?
- My nephew...
- Uncle...
- Listen... They are flying animals!
- They are flying animals!
No! Come back, uncle!
Come back!
Easy! I'm on my break...
- They are flying animals!
- Is that what he said?
- That's dangerous!
- No, that's what I needed to know...
What animals he raised,
because no one knew what was his job!
And... It all makes sense,
I'll explain it in a minute!
We didn't know what was his work,
and these flying animals...
And he worked in a vineyard!
In an aviary!
- What was that...
- I can't believe...
I wanna see how it ends!
- What was your uncle's name?
- I don't remember!
- I don't remember...
- He... He planted animals!
- In a vineyard!
The animals were buried!
- Problem!
- What?
- You said it wrong!
- Yes! That's what's happened!
- It was wrong!
- Die, goddammit!
Leave me the fuck alone!
Daniel stayed there!
No way! There are some
things we just can't ignore!
Raise animals in a vineyard?
That's too much...
- But that's in Colombia.
- I'll explain it to you.
You can't raise a flying animal.
'Cause it flies.
So you plant it.
You bury its legs...
And you leave it there.
It tries to fly but it can't!
Right.
Outstanding!
CIA. BARBIXAS DE HUMOR
presented
IMPROVÁVEL
Probably a good show.